# Client/Server Development
### 1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Well, my initial work was made with the motivation to make a clean, simple read, and organized adaptable program for any company to benefit on the technology in production and quality work to be done. I did the program by using Juypter Notebook for the infrastructure and be able to fetch all data from MongoDB which makes it a whole lot easier for a developer to see the data in categories/groups. I added the CRUD python module since Project One, because it helps the interface of the User Client Experience to be friendly and easy to use. The CRUD python module is able to be used everywhere in program developed that considers SQL to manage a database to be organize in a well designed proper manner as it should be. I believe I will use CRUD functionality in any program that needs to deliver any options to a user by order of business operations needs which is create, read, update, and delete. 

### 2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

As I worked in this project, I got to see how issues were built up between the authentication of MongoDB and Juypter Notebook to fetch most of the data from Grazioso Salvare. the wasy I approached the database and dashboard requirements from the project was either working with REST API by using python language prior in addition to using libraries such like dash to import them which helped customize the design of the application website. Although, my approach is a little more different from other courses which I have been trying to work on while I see that it was more researching and trying to implement all libraries that could be useful to simply code a python script to the dashboard requirements. However, I will use this same technique that I found useful when working with 'dash', because it helps to easily measure what needs to be done as; for example, the drop down feature for all animals to be categorized in its own breed and rescue tactic training. Where they can be callback to its own specifications along with its functionality when implementing CRUD operations.  

### 3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

I think that computer scientists consider to contribute to a project due to the amount of data built in a spreadsheet which can be imported into a Database Cloud and to be used more in a formal, efficient, and organized matter. Makes all company jobs way easier to run CRUD operation in a web application as done with the project of Grazioso Salvare, where its more simple, clear, and friendly to do their task at work without trying to take their time to figure where are the data files of older dogs or trying to add a new dog into a category. Which either way, these tasks could take a day or more of work physically rather than to simply just placing all data in a database where its always maintained, readable, and easily adaptable for a user to quickly get results from a web application that has CRUD operation ready to be all set and done.
